colAlls,xgCMatrix-method
                        Check if all elements in a row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object are equal to a value
colAnyNAs,xgCMatrix-method
                        Check if any elements in a row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object is missing
colAnys,xgCMatrix-method
                        Check if any elements in a row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object is equal to a value
colAvgsPerRowSet,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates for each row (column) a summary
                        statistic for equally sized subsets of columns
                        (rows)
colCollapse,xgCMatrix-method
                        Extract one cell from each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colCounts,xgCMatrix-method
                        Count how often an element in a row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object is equal to a value
colCummaxs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the cumulative maxima for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colCummins,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the cumulative minima for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colCumprods,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the cumulative product for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colCumsums,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the cumulative sum for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colDiffs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the difference between each element
                        of a row (column) of a matrix-like object
colIQRDiffs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the interquartile range of the
                        difference between each element of a row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colIQRs,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the interquartile range for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colLogSumExps,xgCMatrix-method
                        Accurately calculates the logarithm of the sum
                        of exponentials for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colMadDiffs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the mean absolute deviation of the
                        difference between each element of a row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colMads,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the median absolute deviation for
                        each row (column) of a matrix-like object
colMaxs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the maximum for each row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object
colMeans2,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the mean for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colMedians,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the median for each row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object
colMins,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the minimum for each row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object
colOrderStats,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates an order statistic for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colProds,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the product for each row (column) in
                        a matrix
colQuantiles,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates quantiles for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colRanges,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the minimum and maximum for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colRanks,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the rank of the elements for each
                        row (column) of a matrix-like object
colSdDiffs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the standard deviation of the
                        difference between each element of a row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colSds,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the standard deviation for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colSums2,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the sum for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colTabulates,xgCMatrix-method
                        Tabulates the values in a matrix-like object by
                        row (column)
colVarDiffs,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the variance of the difference
                        between each element of a row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colVars,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the variance for each row (column)
                        of a matrix-like object
colWeightedMads,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted median absolute
                        deviation for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colWeightedMeans,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted mean for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colWeightedMedians,dgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted median for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colWeightedSds,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted standard deviation for
                        each row (column) of a matrix-like object
colWeightedVars,xgCMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted variance for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
xgCMatrix-class         Union of double and logical column-sparse
                        matrices
