DelayedMatrixStats      DelayedMatrixStats: Functions that apply to
                        rows and columns of _DelayedMatrix_ objects.
colAlls,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Check if all elements in a row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object are equal to a value
colAnyMissings          Checks if there are any missing values in an
                        object or not
colAvgsPerRowSet,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates for each row (column) a summary
                        statistic for equally sized subsets of columns
                        (rows)
colCollapse,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Extract one cell from each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colCounts,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Count how often an element in a row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object is equal to a value
colCummaxs,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the cumulative maxima for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colDiffs,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the difference between each element
                        of a row (column) of a matrix-like object
colIQRDiffs,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the interquartile range of the
                        difference between each element of a row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colIQRs,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the interquartile range for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colLogSumExps,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Accurately calculates the logarithm of the sum
                        of exponentials for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colMads,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the median absolute deviation for
                        each row (column) of a matrix-like object
colMeans2,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the mean for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colMedians,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the median for each row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object
colOrderStats,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates an order statistic for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colProds,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the product for each row (column) of
                        a matrix-like object
colQuantiles,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates quantiles for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colRanks,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the rank of the elements for each
                        row (column) of a matrix-like object
colSums2,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the sum for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colTabulates,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Tabulates the values in a matrix-like object by
                        row (column)
colVars,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the variance for each row (column)
                        of a matrix-like object
colWeightedMads,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted median absolute
                        deviation for each row (column) of a
                        matrix-like object
colWeightedMeans,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted mean for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colWeightedMedians,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted median for each row
                        (column) of a matrix-like object
colWeightedSds,DelayedMatrix-method
                        Calculates the weighted standard deviation for
                        each row (column) of a matrix-like object
subset_by_Nindex        'subset_by_Nindex'
